Okay, so planning exercise.
You are the product manager of
a direct consumer e-bike company,
something like VanMoof, Cowboy or
Veloretti, they're fancy,
like Tesla of e-bikes.
And if you're at VanMoof,
you are lucky if you're still employed.
They just declared bankruptcy
since I wrote this.
So people use your bikes for exercising,
commuting, joy-riding, racing.
Some of them use it for
multiple reasons so
they can have different
personas on the same bike.
So you can imagine someone's like,
I like to go to the velodrome and
race on the weekends, but
I also use this to commute to work.
I don't know why have the velodrome
on an e-bike, a chair could do it.
You don't have an exact
idea of who's doing what.
So you have to use your judgment
on which one is most important.
You have a user base of 500,000
users who own one of your bicycles.
You have available to work on
your project eight, engineers.
And you are planning for the next quarter,
and here are the projects that you and
your team have come up with.
Right now, your company's growth is on all
up growth, and specifically the commuters
demographic is the one that you've
identified for most growth.
Here are your unprioritized tasks here.
Make your bikes inherently
integrate with Strava,
which we talked about as
a biking exercise kind of app.
Redesign the on-boarding flow to help
people understand their bikes better,
a common customer complaint.
A special racing mode that tracks
laps better on circular tracks.
Implement dark mode for
users commuting home in the dark.
Add child mode that locks the screen until
a user unlocks it to prevent kids from
messing with it.
This caused an accident last month and
it made the news, so
it's a bad news cycle for you.
Implement caching for
improved website loads.
We are unsure of how much this will
actually affect web performance.
Open source a library on your team
wrote for making API requests and
automatically caching them.
Create an open API for
users to be able to write their own
integrations with their e-bikes.
Fix a weird time zone bug that only
affects users in Arizona where it displays
incorrect time for one day a year.
>> [LAUGH]
>> If you know anything about time zones
in Arizona, that's a real thing.
And using retargeting information you
get from ad vendors to show potential
customers who land on your homepage the
exact model that they saw on Instagram.
So I want you to create a prioritized
roadmap for the next quarter.
Add your cut line.
Where the information is unclear, like how
many racers there are versus commuters,
use a product sense to what you to intuit
what you think it actually would be in
the real world.
And do some research on general
demographics if you need to, cool.
So, I'm not gonna write these
down too much for you, but
I'll tell you the bets I would make here.
So I intentionally set up
some of these problems so
that some of these are gonna seem
roughly of equal value to you.
And I wanted you to kinda
struggle a little bit with,
what do I really think is gonna be
a more effective solution here?
I wanted you to make some bets
with yourself in your head.
So it's actually useful for you to kind of
like, okay, I have this, I have this, and
I think they're roughly
the same prioritization.
Maybe you looked at the RISE method to see
if this one might be a little bit more
impactful than that one.
But even then you were kind of in
your head making some bet as like,
this is high impact and
this kind of demographic.
You're just assigning numbers
to what your bets are, right?
So let me tell you where I got with this.
This retargeting one down here for
people seeing the same bike,
I would say that's probably a pretty
good one for growth, right?
So I'm gonna rank that one pretty high.
Let's see what else here.
Dark mode for commuters,d seems like that
would be a good one and bad news cycles,
where's that one?
>> Right below.
>> Yeah,
that's gonna be really bad for growth.
Because if people are saying, like, hey,
this kills kids or something like that,
right, you really don't
wanna be in those ones.
So that was gonna be probably number one,
number two, or something like that,
and, Yeah, redesign the onboarding
flow if that's a customer complaint,
right, cuz you want to have some
stickiness to your platform menu.
The more they can engage
with the bike properly,
the more likely they
are gonna stick to it.
Onboarding ends up being way more
important than people ever think it's
going to be.
So those ones that kind of identified
that were all up growth and
the commuters, and then yeah,
just mostly growth to be honest with you.
We were timezone bug in Arizona.
Sorry, Arizona.
I don't care.
I don't care about you.
I don't care about Phoenix.
I don't care.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So, deal with your time bug,
wear a watch, I don't care you.
Open API, I mean, this would probably be
something that I put on my backlog and
leave it there forever, LAUGH] just
not the most important thing to me.
It is cool to create like an open
source ecosystem that can drive
adoption down the road, but not today.
Open source library, unless I'm struggling
to hire developers, I'm gonna say no,
bottom.
Implement cash, the confidence on
this would be really low MRI score,
and I would say that probably
falls beneath the 50% threshold.
So I might just either
delete the ticket or
ask the engineer to come back with a more
concrete proposal or with better numbers.
Special racing mode,
way below the cut line.
This one probably would be right near my
cut line, might even be my cut line thing.
It's gonna serve your power users.
But there's enough non power
users that are gonna like,
I wanna track my statistics and share it
with my friend that there's kind of some
growth mechanism and
social myths built into that.
For example,
I know Peloton supports Strava and
that's actually been more successful
than they expect with it.
So, I might lean in a little bit more into
that, but that would be a cool one to put,
here's my cut line and someone could say,
actually Strava's a good idea,
maybe we'll give you two more
engineers to work on that, yeah.
>> Curiosity question really, I very
much agree with your Ranking of take
on the higher friction items that would
help general users leave the platform.
But say the Strava, we know that that's
maybe a really good driver of new users or
something or like we see the peloton
had a surprise success with it.
How would you factor in those
external data points into,
you've discussed a little bit with
where to move it on the cut line, but
is there something definitive that
would move that item up or down?
>> Yeah, so this would be a perfect
place for customer research.
Go talk to a lot of your
existing customers.
Go talk to people that are in your target
demographic that don't own your bike and
say, where are you with Strava?
And I would probably talk specifically
to some Strava usersl like, hey you're
on Strava would this help you get onto
my bike platform if you we had this.
I'm gonna imagine just my intuition of
having done this stuff a bunch of time,
a bunch of them we're gonna say,
I track it on my phone anyway, so
I don't care, right?
There's gonna be some demographic
of people who's like,
if this doesn't have Strava, I'm gonna
burn your company to the ground, right?
And so, in the interest of human life,
you might wanna support it.
But, this would be one that
I would strongly follow.
It's probably an eventually do and
it's probably not a soon due.
And maybe one of your engineers
have a hack where we could do it or
something like that.
But certainly,
it would be customer research,
would be my answer to your question there.
I mean,
it's the same thing here with special.
I know we said deprioritize racing here.
But maybe some users would
be super into racing.
There's a bunch of people that
buy Porsches for track mode and
don't even know where their
closest track is, right?
So you might be surprised by
some of these answers, right?
Some of the things that drive adoption
that you wouldn't expect, right?